# Audio_???_701_06_25
## Log Content
**Bruno**<br>
This is 08's Eagle\-01 squad, calling branch 03.

**[A.R.C. Member]**<br>
*Branch 03 copy, over.*

**Bruno**<br>
We've got the target packed up and we're bringing it in. Currently en route, transport route is Route 6, serial number 3109\-003. We're expecting to arrive in Node 03 in 2 hours and 13 minutes.

**[A.R.C. Member]**<br>
*Copy, matches the report. Please update us on your status every 30 minutes, over.*

**Bruno**<br>
Copy, Eagle\-01 squad transmission complete.<br>
Captain, report's finished.

**Sagar**<br>
Okay, I'll go check up on her.

*[→Signal Switches]*

**Sagar**<br>
Hi, you feeling okay?

**???**<br>
......

**Sagar**<br>
Uh, that... hello?

**???**<br>
...Wah!?

**Sagar**<br>
Hey now, calm down, calm down! We won't hurt you.

**???**<br>
......

**Sagar**<br>
Is your name... Rin? Can I call you that?

**Rin**<br>
......!?<br>
My name's... Rin?

**Sagar**<br>
Didn't I ask you your name when you first woke up? That's what you told me.

**Rin**<br>
......

**Lucy**<br>
Captain... what are you doing?

**Alex**<br>
Who knows? Hey, don't give that thing a name, are you crazy?

**Sagar**<br>
... She speaks just fine, doesn't she? She may give more of a reaction if we talk with her.

**Alex**<br>
...*\*sigh\**... Whatever. Don't overdo it.

**Sagar**<br>
Got it.<br>
Don't worry. We'll get you somewhere safe real soon. We'll protect you.

**Lucy**<br>
......

**Sagar**<br>
You rest awhile. If you need anything just call for us. Sorry, we can't let you leave this trailor at the moment. Just be patient.

**Rin**<br>
That, that...

**Sagar**<br>
Huh?

**Rin**<br>
May, may I ask... where you're taking me?

**Sagar**<br>
Based on the regulations of the A.R.C. exploration team, where you were discovered is under the jurisdiction of Node 03, so we're taking you to Node 03 first. After registration, we'll need to take you back to headquarters, which is in Node 08.

**Rin**<br>
A.R.C...?

**Sagar**<br>
Sorry, we can give you too much information. But I can guarantee you that you're absolutely safe with us.

**Rin**<br>
... Okay.

**Rin**<br>
......

*[Signal Lost]*
