# Audio_???_697_11_20
## Requirements
|Character|Level|
|---------|:---:|
|**Sagar**| 11  |

## Unlocked Charts
|   Song    |Character|Diff.|Level|
|-----------|:-------:|:---:|:---:|
|**Nídhögg**|  Sagar  |Easy |  5  |
|**Nídhögg**|  Sagar  |Hard |  9  |
|**Nídhögg**|  Sagar  |Chaos| 14  |

## Log Content
**Bruno**<br>
Jackal, that last message gave me a bad feeling...

**Alex**<br>
Scared? That idiot must've run off to some strange place. There's no way the signal's that bad.

**Bruno**<br>
That's what I'm worried about. After all, this is the forbidden areas...

**Alex**<br>
That dumb bag of meat will be fine. Hehe, I can't wait to see the look on his face when he finds out he lost to me...

*\[Explosion\]*

**Trainees**<br>
!?!?!?!?

**Alex**<br>
What the hell! The mountain's collapsing!?

**Bruno**<br>
... Watch out for falling rocks! Everyone, take cover!

*\[Explosion\]*

**Bruno**<br>
Listen... those are the solid explosives we're carrying!

**Alex**<br>
Isn't that used for blowing through rock walls? What's that dumba\*\* doing blowing them off here?

**Trainee N**<br>
... Hey, look! Someone's up on that cliff!

**Bruno**<br>
!? That... That looks like...

**Alex**<br>
Bambi!?<br>
How the hell'd you get all the way up there!?

*\[Explosion\]*

**Sagar**<br>
... Hey, hey... You hear that!?

**Bruno**<br>
Sagar!? What are you...

**Sagar**<br>
Finally, a signal... got it! There's a tornado headed your way!<br>
... Get out of there, now!

**Trainee N**<br>
Tornado... oh, he's right! Behind that mountain!

**Trainee Y**<br>
It's headed this way, fast... Quick, let's get the hell out of here! Head for cover!

**Bruno**<br>
......!<br>
You... you were setting off those explosives to notify us?

**Sagar**<br>
Nailed it! That's the only way I could reach you... WAHH!?

*\[Cliff collapses\]*

**Sagar**<br>
WAHHHH!!!!

**Alex、Bruno**<br>
... Sagar!!!!!

*[»»»Fast Forward»»»]*

**Sagar**<br>
......

**Sagar**<br>
... Ugh...

**Bruno**<br>
Don't move, Sagar... You broke at least 5 ribs.

**Alex**<br>
You fell from all the way up there and didn't die... Tell me the truth. Are you a some kind of bionic human or a mothaf\*\*\*ing Termin○or!?

**Sagar**<br>
... This... where am I?

**Bruno**<br>
In a cave nearby. The wind outside is too rough. We brought you in for cover.

**Sagar**<br>
Wind... oh, yea! Tornado... ah! Ugh...

**Alex**<br>
What are you doing, Bambi? You wanna die or what? Lie down!

**Bruno**<br>
Enough, Jackal!<br>
Thanks to you, everyone got to a safe spot. The team's already launched a full rescue.

**Sagar**<br>
... Huff...<br>
Wait, Big B... You... your mask?

**Bruno**<br>
Ah, it's on your face.

**Sagar**<br>
Wh... What!?

**Bruno**<br>
When we found you, your mask was cracked. Must've hit it on your way down. No choice but to rotate the remaining two masks.

**Sagar**<br>
No, no way... Then you guys will...

**Alex**<br>
Zip it! This tough MFer ain't scared of no virus!

**Bruno**<br>
Based on my calculations, we've still got ten minutes... The instructors are on their way. We'll be fine.

**Sagar**<br>
Wh... Really!?

**Bruno**<br>
Relax, I'm responsible for the calculations. I wouldn't let Jackal be in charge of numbers.

**Alex**<br>
Huh? Big B, what'd you say!?

**Sagar**<br>
... Haha...<br>
Thanks... for coming to save me.

**Bruno**<br>
Feelings mutual. If you hadn't warned us, a lot of people would've died. It was you who saved everybody.

**???????**<br>
Well said.

**Sagar**<br>
!? That's...

**Bruno**<br>
Captain Edwards!?

*\[Footsteps\]*

**Edwards**<br>
Willing to sacrifice yourself for your comrades. That's undoubtedly the act of a hero, Trainee Sagar. You may not have a wolf's gaze, but your selfless actions bring forth heroic courage in your comrades... This characteristic is far rarer than any other ability.

**Sagar**<br>
... Wolf's gaze...

**Edwards**<br>
... In any case, congratulations.<br>
From now on, you three are officially members of Eagle\-01.

*[Signal Lost]*