# Audio_???_697_11_20
## Requirements
|Character|Level|
|---------|:---:|
|**Sagar**| 11  |

## Log Content
**Edwards**<br>
Answer me. Where is this?

**Trainees**<br>
Yes, sir! Officer, sir!!<br>
It's the forbidden areas, sir!!

**Edwards**<br>
That's right. The land of man's past glory, and yet, a place where no one may step foot, lies right before your very eyes. This wasteland is brimming with ancient treasures, as well as overflowing with unimaginable danger.

**Edwards**<br>
Everything you've been through up until this point... I don't need to go over that. All you need to do is pass this test and you'll officially be a member of the Exploration Team. All that sweat and blood has been for this moment, right here.

**Sagar**<br>
......

**Edwards**<br>
These Exploration Team members will observe your actions and report back to us. I'll be responsible for evaluating the final scores.<br>
Those that make it, we'll meet at the target location. MOVE OUT!

*[→Signal Switches]*

**Bruno**<br>
Sagar, can you hear clearly?

**Sagar**<br>
Loud and clear. Big B... Wireless capabilities functioning normally.

**Alex**<br>
S\*\*\*, mask is too tight. The maintenance crew's just a bunch of frigging loafers.

**Bruno**<br>
Keep it together. There're particles of "The Ender" virus floating around this area. If you're exposed for more than 30 minutes, you're dead.

**Sagar**<br>
Haha, best hurry up and get to where you're going, huh?

**Alex**<br>
Is that a challenge? Let's see who gets there first, Bambi!

**Sagar**<br>
You got it, Jackal!

**Bruno**<br>
How old are you guys... Everyone split up.

*[»»»Fast Forward»»»]*

**Sagar**<br>
... Off by 5.8 degrees... that's strange. I've been following the navigation device to a tee. How'd I get so high up?

*\[Footsteps\]*

**Sagar**<br>
Visibility is decreasing... About to lose my signal. Damn, hold on...

*\[Taps\]*

**Sagar**<br>
......!? Wait a sec, are these weld marks?

*\[Disassembles Device\]*

**Sagar**<br>
Never seen this chip before. Is it disrupting the signal? <br>
Damn! Did Hank and them do this...?

**Sagar**<br>
Calling Big B! Calling Jackal! Can you hear me?

*\[Static\]*

**Sagar**<br>
F\*\*\*! Even the reception is... I've got to find them!

*[»»»Fast Forward»»»]*

**Sagar**<br>
*\*heavy breathing\**... They're over there! Jackal's in front? Good, climbing on the cliff...

*\[Hurried footsteps\]*

**Sagar**<br>
... Wait a sec. Something's off about the direciton of the wind...

**Sagar**<br>
!?<br>
... Tornado! It's huge... headed this way?

**Sagar**<br>
The training officer told us the climate in the forbidden areas isn't simulated by the weather system. It's totally unpredictable... But why can't they see it?

**Sagar**<br>
That's right... Their field of vision is blocked by the hills. I'm the only one who sees the tornado... S\*\*\*!!

**Sagar**<br>
HEY! HEY! Calling Big B! Calling Jackal! Please, respond!!

**Bruno**<br>
... Hey... Sa... where'd you... go?

**Alex**<br>
Lost... Bambi... Ha... Eat my...

**Sagar**<br>
Listen closely! Your walking right into a giant wind storm. You gotta get out of there...

*\[Signal cuts off\]*

**Sagar**<br>
DAMN…… THEY'RE SCREWED!!!

*[Signal Lost]*
