# Audio_???_702_12_17
## Requirements
|Character|Level|
|---------|:---:|
|**Sagar**| 18  |

## Log Content
**Sagar**<br>
We're here. The signal's thirty meters below the surface.

**Alex**<br>
That sly fox... what's he doing here?

**Sagar**<br>
Whatever the case, he's definitely up to something. He definitely let us discover the remains of this Shelter on purpose.<br>
Everybody, be on guard! Big B, Jackal, and Lucy get into an A formation, you're coming with me. The others await orders here. Pay attention to exits. Don't let anything go in or out.

**Squad Member**<br>
Got it!

**Sagar**<br>
Move out.

*[»»»Fast Forward»»»]*

**Sagar**<br>
Signals straight ahead, ten meters, nine... eight...

**Lucy**<br>
No target in our field of vision...

**Alex**<br>
Shhh! Listen. What's that noise?

*\[Sensor\]*

**Bruno**<br>
!?<br>
That noise……! Quick, get down!!!

**Squad Member**<br>
!?!?

*\[Explosion\]*

**Sagar**<br>
WAH!!!!

**Lucy**<br>
Captain! You good!?

**Sagar**<br>
*...\*cough...\*cough... *I'm fine! Those rocks are blocking the path... Retain formation and do not move from your position!

**Alex**<br>
S\*\*\*! My hand...

**Bruno**<br>
Jackal? You alright?

**Alex**<br>
It's nothing, just a scratch. Damn... I'm gonna kill him...

**Bruno**<br>
They ordered us to keep him alive...

**Alex**<br>
I don't give s\*\*\*! Hey! Bambi, what's going on? You find him?

**Sagar**<br>
......

**Alex**<br>
Bambi? You deaf?

**Sagar**<br>
... Duped

**Alex**<br>
Eyy!?

**Sagar**<br>
It's just the watch, tied to a remote control car. We've been tricked.

**Alex**<br>
F\*\*\*!!!

**Sagar**<br>
...? What is this place? A storage unit?

*\[Connect\]*

**[ConneR]**<br>
*Good afternoon, Mr. Sagar. Ah, based on your progress, you should've been here at noon. Hope I didn't underestimate you.*

**Sagar**<br>
......

**[ConneR]**<br>
*Forgive me for making your plan get a little out of control. Looks like I have a bit of reputation in Node 13.<br>
This message is for you only. If things didn't go as I planned, please ask those around to leave before continuing with this message.*

**[ConneR]**<br>
*Would you like to know how I'd know you'd be separated from the others?*

**[ConneR]**<br>
*Hehe... If you were to catch a target alive down here, based on the geographic conditions, I'm guessing you'd use an A formation with you in the lead... Or perhaps a C formation? That way, no matter what happens, you'd be best suited to deal with it.*

**[ConneR]**<br>
*If that's the case, when that sensor triggered the explosive, it should "just so happened" to split you and your team, leaving you here alone. How do you like my masterpiece? Hope I didn't injure anyone.*

**Sagar**<br>
This guy, he's even got our formation down... Hmph. Not bad.

**[ConneR]**<br>
*Excuse me, although I truly enjoy playing with you all, I've got something more important to attend to. I haven't been here for some time now.*

**Sagar**<br>
......

**[ConneR]**<br>
*Why did I choose this location? It's not because I recall our first meeting with delight, though that is indeed one of the reasons.<br>
... Mr. Sagar, I never had the chance to tell you...*

**[ConneR]**<br>
*The truth you've been searching for this whole time, lies at the end of this hallway.*

**Sagar**<br>
......!?

**[ConneR]**<br>
*If I told you, that'd be boring, wouldn't it? Do you see the circulation vent on the ceiling above you?*

**Sagar**<br>
......

**[ConneR]**<br>
*At your height, it may be a bit difficult to grab on, but if you get up there, you'll get to your comrades in no time. You may leave this place, and continue to track me.*

**[ConneR]**<br>
*But if you have even the slightest interest in what I said... Please, walk straight ahead.<br>
Please, don't worry. I sincerely promise you that this is not a trap. It won't cost you anything to take a look before leaving.*

**Alex**<br>
Hey! Bambi! We can't get into the circulation vent, but it looks like you'll fit. Come on, get back here, or we can send in Mrs. Freeze.

**Sagar**<br>
......

**Alex**<br>
Bambi? What are you doing? Respond!

**Sagar**<br>
... I told you, remain in position and await orders.

*\[Footsteps\]*

**Lucy**<br>
Captain? Where are you going?

**Alex**<br>
Don't act on your own! You hear me!

**Sagar**<br>
This is an order. Give me ten minutes.

**Alex**<br>
S\*\*\*... Mrs. Freeze, I'll lift you up. Get in there.

**Lucy**<br>
... Got it!

*[Signal Lost]*