# Audio_St07_697_01_08
## Requirements
|Character|Level|
|---------|:---:|
|**Neko** |  2  |

## Log Content
**Neko**<br>
Ahahaha! For real?

**Linda**<br>
Yeah. I even got her autograph after the performance. See!

**Neko**<br>
Wow... I'm so jealous! NEKO wants to see their live performance too\~

**Linda**<br>
They mentioned that they will come to Node 08 again at the end of the year. Let's go see them together then!

**Neko**<br>
Sure! That's a promise!

**Linda**<br>
The band we are seeing tonight is also really amazing. I'm so excited!

**Neko**<br>
So am I! It's 09:00 PM at Under Velvet, right? NEKO will be there after I ate dinner.

**Linda**<br>
Eh? You're not eating dinner with me?

**Neko**<br>
Ah, sorry about that\~ NEKO promised daddy that I will have dinner at home today.

**Linda**<br>
I see... You're really close with your father. I am jealous of you on that regard.

**Neko**<br>
Eh? Does Linda\-chan have a bad relationship with your family?

**Linda**<br>
Uh\-huh... more or less. They can't quite understand me... However, I'm so grateful that I was able to find a like\-minded friend among my classmates.

**Neko**<br>
NEKO is also very grateful to have Linda\-chan as a friend!

**Linda**<br>
Haha, but, are you ok with this? You don't get together with other people a lot these days, right?

**Neko**<br>
That's fine! Linda\-chan is more interesting\~ And you are cute!

**Linda**<br>
Haha... where did that come from?<br>
We've arrived at your home.

**Neko**<br>
Uh\-huh. See ya tonight\~ Buh\-bye\~

*[→Signal Switch]*

*\[Door Opens\]*

**Neko**<br>
Daddy, NEKO's home\~

*\[Cutting\]*

**Neko**<br>
Eh? What are you doing?

**Kouhei**<br>
Making dinner of course.

**Neko**<br>
EHHH? Stop, STOP! NEKO will do it!

**Kouhei**<br>
You should let daddy practice every once in a while.

**Neko**<br>
NO! Why do you want to practice all of a sudden? Move over, move over! The dishes daddy make are almost always terrible!

**Kouhei**<br>
Haha... That's why I have to practice.

**Neko**<br>
Sighs\~\~ there's no stopping you, is it? Fine, then at least let NEKO help. Daddy is trying to make a meat stew. right? First of all, the shape of the meat is wrong! The meat won't absorb the sauce if you cut it like that! Also, aren't you supposed to make the stock first? Why did you start with the meat? Argh\~ You're so bad at this...

**Kouhei**<br>
Well, I am no match for NEKO after all...

**Neko**<br>
NEKO learned my skills directly from mommy, of course I'm good at this! Here, fill this with water!

**Kouhei**<br>
Yes, ma'am\~

*[»»» Fast Forward»»»]*

*\[Cutting\]*

**Neko**<br>
... This dish is mommy's signature dish. This is also the first dish she taught NEKO. Feels so nostalgic.

**Kouhei**<br>
... Yeah, you're right.

**Neko**<br>
Hey, when you have time... shouldn't we go back to Node 03 to visit mommy and grandma? NEKO and daddy, together.

**Kouhei**<br>
......

**Neko**<br>
Don't you miss them?

**Kouhei**<br>
... Daddy is busy with work. If NEKO wants to go back, it's ok for you to go back yourself. I can buy the ticket for you...

**Neko**<br>
... It's meaningless if we don't go back together...

**Kouhei**<br>
......

**Neko**<br>
Forget it. Enough on this topic. Ah, right. NEKO will be watching a live show with my classmate tonight. I may come home a bit later.

**Kouhei**<br>
Got it. Be careful, and don't forget to call me if anything happens.

**Neko**<br>
Ahhhh! Daddy what are you doing!? Fire! The fire!

*[Signal Lost]*