# Cam_Port33_702_11_10
## Requirements
|Character |Level|
|----------|:---:|
|**Cherry**| 36  |

## Log Content
*\[Door Opens\]*

**ConneR**<br>
We're finally here. Another second in that cramped space and I'm going to go insane.

**Xenon**<br>
What next?

**Cherry**<br>
Not the time to celebrate just yet. If we are to sneak into other Nodes from here, we still need to take one more ride in these transporters.

**ConneR**<br>
... *\*Sigh\**, I would prefer if you could spare the body of this old man in his thirties. Not built to sit in this tiny space.

**Cherry**<br>
Eh? You're only in your thirties!? I thought that you must be at least fifty.

**ConneR**<br>
How rude. It's not exactly easy to do skin care when you're wandering around in the forbidden areas all the time.

**Xenon**<br>
... So, where do we go next?

**Cherry**<br>
I've never been here before as either. It's a lot more complicated than I imagined... However, based on experience, if we follow the black electric pipelines, we are likely to find some sort of central hub area. We should be able to find the map of this entire facility there. 

**[Xenon A.I.]**<br>
*Analyzing... complete.*

**Xenon**<br>
It doesn't seem to be that simple. Lots of turns and branched routes here... I tried to analyze these circuits; there is more than one path to the hub. On top of that, those drones...

**ConneR**<br>
Please follow me.

**Xenon**<br>
You know your way around here?

**ConneR**<br>
No, but based on my sixth sense, I don't think I'm too far off. I've got a knack for exploration.

**Xenon**<br>
......

**Cherry**<br>
Let's trust him for now. From the jailbreak operation all the way until now, although his commands tend to be reckless, he does know what he's doing.<br>
I don't want to admit this since I am quite confident in my abilities when it comes to finding my way around underground facilities like this one, but he's clearly on another level...

**ConneR**<br>
Thank you for your compliment.

*[»»» Fast Forward»»»]*

**Xenon**<br>
We haven't seen a single drone the whole time.

**ConneR**<br>
Those things patrol in a certain pattern. As long as you understand the pattern, it's not difficult to circle away from them.

**Cherry**<br>
... You really are an expert with this stuff. It took me a long time before I mastered that, and all it took you was a few minutes back there...

**ConneR**<br>
*\*Chuckles\** If you keep complimenting me, someone's gonna get jealous.<br>
Besides, there are other things we need to worry about, not just the drones.

**Xenon**<br>
What do you mean?

**ConneR**<br>
"Splice", does that name ring a bell?

**Xenon**<br>
... A Node 08 gravedigger organization. Came in contact with them a few years ago.

**ConneR**<br>
Ho, so you still remember that case. The one who completely screwed them over back then was...

**Xenon**<br>
It was you, wasn't it? I remember it now... Sherry referred to you as "R" when we were in the restricted area.

**ConneR**<br>
That's right. The fact that you still remember our perfect teamwork; I'm touched.

**Xenon**<br>
Back then, all I did was get tricked and pulled around by you like a fool.

**ConneR**<br>
Don't say that. When I first joined A.R.C., I didn't notice that you were the "X" from back then either. Never thought we would reunite like this. Don't you think that fate has something to do with it?

**Xenon**<br>
No wonder you kept bothering me back then...

**ConneR**<br>
Hey, can't blame me. After all, you're one of the very few people in this world who can directly decrypt my counterfeited encryptions.

**Xenon**<br>
Your methods are too crude. I can do that all day.

**ConneR**<br>
Haha! We're getting off topic... Splice isn't an organization that just operates in Node 08. In fact, traces of their activities can be found across all Nodes. After that incident, they discovered that doing business in 08 was going to be tough. Thus, they began to focus their attention and resources on other areas. They're the ones we need to look out for.

**Cherry**<br>
Do they know this route as well...?

**ConneR**<br>
With this route being so convenient and well\-concealed, I'd be more surprised if those gravediggers don't know about it. Personally, since I tend to only focus my research on areas I'm interested in, I didn't pay too much attention to these smuggling hotspots. I'm a bit ashamed of that, to be honest.

**Cherry**<br>
It's hard for me to imagine that we'll run into other humans here...

**Xenon**<br>
This type of facility... Isn't it supposed to be fully automatic? Why are there still so many pieces of equipment that look as if they need to be operated by humans?

**ConneR**<br>
So you young fellas don't know about this? These were all once operated by Architects. Naturally, after they disappeared, many facilities weren't put back into operation and were thus completely shut down. That was the case with the factory in Quadrant I. This place is very obviously not one of them.

**Xenon**<br>
......

**ConneR**<br>
Oh, how time flies when you're chatting. See for yourself, the central control panel.

**Cherry**<br>
That's great!... Ah, authentication required.

**Xenon**<br>
Let me try.

*[»»» Fast Forward»»»]*

**[Central System]**<br>
*Authentication success. Welcome, OPCII\_1409\_II.*

**Cherry**<br>
OPCII...?

**ConneR**<br>
The serial number for Architects... Now I'm starting to get interested. Can you decrypt the database's firewall as well, Mr. Jackson?

**Xenon**<br>
Our objective is only the map, isn't it? We already know where to go. I'm not helping you with this. If you want something, go get it yourself.

**Cherry**<br>
Hey... wait a minute. Look, the next transporter to Node 03 is on...

**Xenon**<br>
November 17th... Seven days from now, is it?

**Cherry**<br>
Damnit, I miscalculated the time. Sorry.<br>
What do we do now? Are we going to stay in a place like this for seven days? Food and water...

**ConneR**<br>
I'll handle those. The map shows that there's a tunnel that leads to the surface. Right next to the tunnel exit is a river. If there's water, then it shouldn't be that difficult to obtain food as well.

**Xenon**<br>
What do you mean? Are you going to stay here with us for seven days? Even though you could've left first?

**ConneR**<br>
You fellas don't have the equipment to go to the surface, right? If I am to leave now, you two might as well be dead.

**Cherry**<br>
Didn't think you're the type to go that far to help others...  I'm a bit surprised, thanks.

**ConneR**<br>
*\*Chuckles\** I would be quite troubled if you decided to just casually treat me as "a good guy".

*[Signal Lost]*