# Audio_St07_702_10_20
## Requirements
|Character|Level|
|---------|:---:|
|**PAFF** | 56  |

## Log Content
**Hayato**<br>
......

**Vicky**<br>
......

**Hayato**<br>
Sis Vicky... Are you sure this place is okay?

**Vicky**<br>
Hmph~ Judging by my experience, this is the perfect "Observation point". Last time, when you were here to sneak photos of Xenon, you got busted, right? That's because the point you chose suck, rookie. You should learn from me more.

**Hayato**<br>
......

**Vicky**<br>
In our current position, we look just like an average couple enjoying a meal. Ohohohoho.

**Hayato**<br>
More mother\-son than couple though...

**Vicky**<br>
What did you just say!?

**Hayato**<br>
Ow! That hurt, that hurt...

**Vicky**<br>
... By the way, are you okay with this? You skipped the performance tonight, right?

**Hayato**<br>
Ah, no problem. They found a substitute drummer later.

**Vicky**<br>
That band of yours... It seems to be going quite well.

**Hayato**<br>
Umm, nothing much. It's just a small band...

**Vicky**<br>
If you come across any gossip about the big boys, don't forget to inform me.

**Hayato**<br>
...... Oh.

**Vicky**<br>
However... I certainly didn't expect you to be willing to give up your break for work. You do indeed have an abnormal enthusiasm when it comes to news about PAFF... I can smell it from a mile away.

**Hayato**<br>
Eh? Umm... No, there's just something...

**Vicky**<br>
Rest assured. I've investigated. A nobody like you has zero connection to a megastar like her.

**Hayato**<br>
... Investigated...

**Vicky**<br>
Nevertheless, it was that particular reason that made me even more curious. You don't seem to be just a fan as well. As I suspected~ You have some~ sort of~ reasoning, right? Hmmmm~?

**Hayato**<br>
Too close too close too close... You're scaring me...

**Vicky**<br>
Shh! NEKO has appeared! Take a photo now!

**Hayato**<br>
Eh? You're right. Okay...

*\[Camera shutter\]*

**Vicky**<br>
... Did she come back herself? I don't see PAFF.

**Hayato**<br>
But, it is a bit strange. The last time I came here, the windows of her room were in transparent mode. I even caught a picture of Xenon in her room... Now, it appears that we can't see what's inside.

**Vicky**<br>
Therefore, it means she's definitely hiding something. You still doubting my nose, eh?

**Hayato**<br>
Sis Vicky, you really are amazing... I feel like you can even work at the Administration Bureau. Exactly why did you come here to pursue this sort of paparazzi career...

**Vicky**<br>
... Trying too hard to dig up a girl's past won't win you any popular votes, let me tell you.

**Hayato**<br>
Ah! Sorry...

**Vicky**<br>
Hahaha! I was messing with you. Look at you, all frightened and shaking. How adorable.

**Hayato**<br>
......

**Vicky**<br>
Besides, what's with the "this sort of" paparazzi. Do you have any idea how honorable our actions are, revealing the hidden truth to the public? Ohohohoho!

**Hayato**<br>
Here we go again...

**Vicky**<br>
Shut it! Look! The windows are open!

**Hayato**<br>
Ah! Got it!

*\[Camera shutter\]*

**Hayato**<br>
Don't seem to catch a glimpse of PAFF in this one either...

**Vicky**<br>
That's fine. Take a few more photos. We'll bring them back and enlarge them. I'm absolutely not letting this exclusive report get away!

*[Signal Lost]*
