# Audio_37St_696_07_05
## Requirements
|Character|Level|
|---------|:---:|
|**JOE**  | 11  |

## Unlocked Charts
|      Song       |Character|Diff.|Level|
|-----------------|:-------:|:---:|:---:|
|**Open the Game**|   JOE   |Chaos| 13  |

## Log Content
**JOE**<br>
Here ya go! Honey lemon juice with max sugar and no ice. All the syrup has sunk to the bottom, so it's gonna taste like diabetes if you suck it with a straw!

**KAI**<br>
... You really don't have to order a drink for me. I can only stay here for a short time anyway.

**JOE**<br>
We haven't seen each other for so long, yet this is how you treat me? How cold... I guess I'll give it to Zark then.

**Zark**<br>
Arf!

**KAI**<br>
... Is it ok for a dog to drink this?

**JOE**<br>
No worries, Zark is a super dog!<br>
Do you have any plans for the future?

**KAI**<br>
I might have to go back to Node 03. My parents are getting old, and I have to go back to take care of the store for them.

**JOE**<br>
Ho\~ is that so. I thought we were going to find other members to continue the band.

**KAI**<br>
I'm older than all of you. It's about time I start to face life. I can't keep messing around like this. To be honest, I should have returned home the year I graduated from vocational school.<br>
On top of it all, a band without those two cannot be called "Crystal PuNK" anymore...

**JOE**<br>
Yeah, I agree.

**KAI**<br>
Did Simon contact you afterward?

**JOE**<br>
Nope... I've messaged him hundreds of times already, but he completely ignored me.

**KAI**<br>
Is that so...

**JOE**<br>
I don't blame him though, he had too much to deal with... dad died on duty, Shannon hospitalized, even broke up with big sis... <br>
I tried to contact big sis too, absolutely no response as well.

**KAI**<br>
Do you know the reason they broke up?

**JOE**<br>
How would I know?

**KAI**<br>
... Then do you know that big sis's dad is now in prison?

**JOE**<br>
You mean Luis!? Are you serious!? Why?

**KAI**<br>
From what I heard, it's smuggling or something along that line. However, that got me thinking; could this have something to do with Simon's dad?

**JOE**<br>
Huh? It can't be... the news said that his dad was shot by a thug who was robbing a convenience store. That thug looked nothing like Luis though?

**KAI**<br>
I don't know... I just felt like Simon was still pretty calm when he first heard the news about his father and sister, even until the end of the funeral. He was still chatting with me about the music festival at the end of the year back then.

**JOE**<br>
... You have a point. If we think about it, that's the kind of response the Simon we knew would have.

**KAI**<br>
Yeah, I knew he was very sad, but he doesn't seem to be the type of person who would have an emotional breakdown from things like this.<br>
Only until his breakup with big sis did he completely vanish from our sights...<br>
Luis was arrested sometime around that too, which is why I can't help but feel like these two incidents are related.

**JOE**<br>
... But these are just your speculations, aren't they? I don't really want to think like that. Luis is a good person...

**KAI**<br>
I don't either. Simon's dad, and Shannon... if Luis really was the cause of all this, I don't know how I would deal with it. At the very least, Luis is indeed a criminal. We can confirm that.

**JOE**<br>
... I'm not exactly smart, so I can't say much. However, there are a lot of things that can't be simply divided into black and white, right? Nobody knows the whole situation behind these incidents too.

**KAI**<br>
Why does it feel like you're really sentimental about this?

**JOE**<br>
Nothing, just a feeling I have.

**KAI**<br>
... You are very correct. However, you can't persuade Simon with these reasons, because he is the one actually involved in this. You understand that, don't you? Even though you're dumb.

**JOE**<br>
Dude, what the f\*\*\*? I know that...

**JOE**<br>
... About Crystal PuNK, is there anything I can still help out?

**KAI**<br>
I've dealt with everything already. Those event organizers and other bands were really p\*\*\*ed off at me... Whatever, I'm leaving anyway. Doesn't affect me at all.

**JOE**<br>
P\*\*\*ed off at you? It's not your fault that we disbanded.

**KAI**<br>
I know, but we did indeed let them down. That's a fact, and someone has to shoulder the responsibility, right?

**JOE**<br>
Thank you, Mr. Secretary... nothing, forget it.

**KAI**<br>
Haha. It's time. I need to go back and pack my stuff.

**JOE**<br>
Come visit me at Node 08 if you have the time!

**KAI**<br>
If I have the chance. Farewell, King of Germs.

**JOE**<br>
F\*\*\* you. Goodbye!

*[»»» Fast Forward »»»]*

**Zark**<br>
Arf!

**JOE**<br>
... Hmm? It's all over, the band. We will not see them again... feeling lonely, aren't you? Let's have a toast, stupid dog! For Crystal PuNK!

**JOE**<br>
......

**JOE**<br>
... Wrong drink, taste so bitter.

*[Signal Lost]*