# Audio_St91_702_11_10
## Requirements
|Character|Level|
|---------|:---:|
|**JOE**  | 32  |

## Log Content
*\[Door Opens\]*

**Hunter**<br>
You f\*\*\*ing piece of s\*\*\* machine! The cards you dealt me were totally rigged! You really think I can't tell such clear bulls\*\*\*!?

**[Drone]**<br>
*Gambling comes with its own risk. Customer, please control your emotions! <br>
If your numbers exceed the standard, this unit will activate "cleanup mode" and eradicate any dangerous targets!*

**Hunter**<br>
Tch... I'm not coming to this goddamn place again!

*\[Door Closes\]*

**Hunter**<br>
F\*\*\* this...

**JOE**<br>
Man, not your day today, isn't it? Mad Dog.

**Hunter**<br>
Huh? What the f\*\*\* is a loser with no balls like you doing here?

**JOE**<br>
Oh, spare me that loser crap. I came all the way here just to find you.

**Hunter**<br>
Find me for what! You wanna taste my fist that badly?

**JOE**<br>
... Hey, this is the main street. Drones may pass by here at any moment. Even you should realize this is not the place to do stupid s\*\*\*, right?

**Hunter**<br>
Hmph... bug off!

*\[Footsteps\]*

**JOE**<br>
You're leaving? What a shame. I was gonna talk to you about a transaction... Too bad that you don't seem to be interested in some quick cash.

**Hunter**<br>
Transaction? What transaction?

**JOE**<br>
Hoho, you interested now? Did you gamble away all your savings back there? Haha.

**Hunter**<br>
Shut your pie hole and just tell me!

**JOE**<br>
Well, I know this "investor". Dude's trying to send a few "Automatons" to 03, and he has to do it without alerting the admins.

**Hunter**<br>
"Automatons"... Oh, illegal travelers.

**JOE**<br>
Yep. Some folks who can't take the regular routes, so they had to come to me.

**Hunter**<br>
Then what the hell does that have to do with me?

**JOE**<br>
I know you're the one in charge of Baro's transactions recently... Simply put, a few people will go to the "tunnels" with you. You just need to pretend to not see them. Shouldn't make much of a difference, right?

**Hunter**<br>
... How much will I get?

**JOE**<br>
I knew you'd ask. If it's 50\-50 between us... this much...

**Hunter**<br>
......! Holy s\*\*\*, that's a lot of dough!

**JOE**<br>
Right? You don't get opportunities like this every day! So? Are you going to accept this?

**Hunter**<br>
The f\*\*\* you talking about, of course I'm accepting it!

**JOE**<br>
Good. Then I'll be frank with you. The "automaton" is this guy.

*\[Send\]*

**Hunter**<br>
...... Simon Jackson!?

**JOE**<br>
Yep. You knew about him too, right? The person who was hiring gunmen a while back is also the investor this time. He wants me to help send Simon Jackson to 03 and let him hide there for some time.

**Hunter**<br>
But, Capo Angus said that Boss wants this guy to just disappear. Why the heck would I help him?

**JOE**<br>
Diego... you bastard...

**Hunter**<br>
Huh? What did you say?

**JOE**<br>
... Mad Dog, think about it. This guy is completely f\*\*\*ed right now. Let's just ship him to 03 and let him rot to death there. Isn't this a much safer move for Baro?

**Hunter**<br>
Umm...

**JOE**<br>
As with the Boss, no need to worry. You don't say a word. I don't say a word. No one in the entirety of Baro will ever know about this.

**Hunter**<br>
......

**JOE**<br>
As long as you accept this case, Simon Jackson will no longer mess with Baro's business. On top of that, we get to make some sweet cash out of it. Perfect win\-win situation for everyone.

**Hunter**<br>
Hmph, fine. We'll go with your plan... However!

*\[Hit\]*

**JOE**<br>
Yikes! What the hell are you...

**Hunter**<br>
Lemme warn you, if you or this Simon Jackson dare to mess up anything, I will kill both of you on the spot... just like how I killed that disgusting dog of yours.

**JOE**<br>
......

**Hunter**<br>
Also, 70\-30 with the money. Of course, the 70 goes to me. Get it?

**JOE**<br>
A... alright, 70\-30 it is! You get 70%. I get 30%!

**Hunter**<br>
Hmph, smart move for you. Now p\*\*\* off, loser!

*\[Footsteps\]*

**JOE**<br>
Whew~ Sighs... ha, haha, hahaha!

**JOE**<br>
... That guy... turns out he's not that hard to handle.

*[Signal Lost]*
