# Call_702_07_12
## Requirements
|Character |Level|
|----------|:---:|
|**ConneR**| 12  |

## Log Content
**ConneR**<br>
Hello.

**Maggie**<br>
Hello, may I speak to Mr. ConneR?

**ConneR**<br>
I am ConneR.

**Maggie**<br>
Greetings Sensei. We are SkyEkho. I'm Maggie, a curator.

**ConneR**<br>
Greetings. What would you like from me?

**Maggie**<br>
Ah yes. Recently, we saw some clips of Sensei's performance on the internet. We also know that Sensei has published several great pieces under your real name Colin Neumann Jr. and you have garnered a minor following.

**ConneR**<br>
All stories of the past.

**Maggie**<br>
Yes. We would like to put the focus on Sensei's recent performances, which features instruments. We believe that these instruments have the potential to start a brand\-new trend in music.

**ConneR**<br>
Hoho? I was not impressed a while ago, now you have caught my interest.

**Maggie**<br>
We hope that Sensei can hold a personal concert and perform solo. SkyEkho has a professional team that can adjust the best virtual sound field, guaranteed to let Sensei's music...

**ConneR**<br>
Physical.

**Maggie**<br>
... Excuse me,  I didn't catch that. Can Sensei repeat what you just said?

**ConneR**<br>
I will only perform at a physical concert.

**Maggie**<br>
Oh... is that so. If that's what Sensei desires, we can do that. I'll have the team rearrange the performance style and promotion content. A purely physical performance is very rare nowadays. It will certainly be a marketing point.

**ConneR**<br>
I would like to hear about the venues you can offer.

**Maggie**<br>
Of course. Our company has a contract with Central Music Hall, the best music hall in Node 08. As long as we are prepared, our performances get first priority when it comes to the schedule.

**ConneR**<br>
Good. Then about the contract and future preparations, contact me when everything is settled.

**Maggie**<br>
Thank you Sensei! We'll arrange everything as soon as possible. Look forward to working with you!

*[Call Ends]*