# Audio_13St35_702_12_17
## Requirements
|Character |Level|
|----------|:---:|
|**ConneR**| 47  |

## Log Content
**ConneR**<br>
Hoho, compared to a few years ago, it seems that this area hasn't changed one bit. Still as captivating as ever... The vines on that towering church seem a bit more dense, no? Tsk tsk, they've done a good job taking care of it.

**Sasha**<br>
Are you a tourist or something? Don't get too close. That's a historic site from a long time ago. Everyone here cherishes it immensely.

**ConneR**<br>
I understand. Don't forget that I was quite active here some time ago. Hoho? The apartment complex next to it is half\-collapsed... It was built by the Architects, wasn't it? No wonder nobody liked it.

**Sasha**<br>
You seem quite relaxed... I would never guess that someone's coming to arrest you.

**ConneR**<br>
Are you concerned about me? No need to worry. That will bring some much\-needed joy to my journey.

**Sasha**<br>
The leader of the team is an elite, right? If it's someone who can get even you to talk with such high praise, there's no way he's someone that can be dealt with easily.

**ConneR**<br>
......Taking our relationship into consideration, I would indeed prefer to not face Mr. Sagar... However, they most likely are tracking me fervently as we speak.

**Sasha**<br>
……?<br>
I'm not too clear about the relationship between you guys. It's just that you went through quite a lot to get this new information. I'm sure you're not willing to get captured in a place like this.

**ConneR**<br>
*\*chuckles\**... You never know... Node 13 is a nice place. It's always been a dream of mine to spend my final years here. Of course, if there was someone by my side to accompany me, well, I could think of nothing better.

**Sasha**<br>
Yea, yea. Whatever makes you happy. Speaking of which, I've heard that the Neumann family is quite famous here...

**ConneR**<br>
This is indeed true. Since you're aware of this, you must also be privy to the relationship between this place and the Neumann family?

**Sasha**<br>
You mean that ancestor of yours?

**ConneR**<br>
That's correct. Rald Neumann... During those years, he was very much considered something of a hero figure in this ancient city. Thanks to his legacy, even though I was born in Node 08, I'm able to do as I please here. Mr. Sagar is going to have quite the task ahead of him, starting from just trying to get around.

**Sasha**<br>
Haha, when I first came to Node 13, I was interrogated for quite some time as well. Despite me keep telling them that I was here to do research... It wasn't until just recently that I finally established a nice relationship with my neighbors.

**ConneR**<br>
Let me guess. They confiscated your cell phone?

**Sasha**<br>
And they still haven't given it back to this day... I'm guessing they never will.

**ConneR**<br>
"Electrical appliances that possess the function to connect to the internet system are grade 1 restricted items in this Node." That's pretty much where things are… The so\-called "ANTITECH" is much more than just a simple catchphrase in Node 13 these days.

**Sasha**<br>
To be honest, you get used to it after living here for a while. The people here merely have a more extreme view on technology. Life may be inconvenient, but people here are willing to help each other get through hard times. As of now, I'm even starting to regret the fact that I didn't come back sooner.

**Sasha**<br>
Haha, who would've thought a world like this existed...? The old me would've never been able to imagine it.

**ConneR**<br>
People will always change, including the things they value. Don't you agree?

**Sasha**<br>
That's for sure. After taking a look at you I'm even more sure. When you get the time, take a look in a mirror.

**ConneR**<br>
*\*chuckles\**... That tongue of yours is as sharp as ever...... We're here.<br>
Guten Tag.

**Man**<br>
Danke schön, Mr. Neumann. Your delivery is in tent number 9.

**ConneR**<br>
Perfect, as always. Truly, thank you.

*\[Footsteps\]*

**Sasha**<br>
... When I first heard you talk about it, I thought you were joking. I never thought Node 13 would have a place like this.

**ConneR**<br>
This is a mobile trading post for illegal excavators and distributors. Only those on the inside can get this information. Everyone makes payments in advance and secretly passes on the information concerning time and location. On the scheduled date, everyone arrives to pick up own goods, that way it's completely safe.

**Sasha**<br>
Quite an impressive system... How is the information passed?

**ConneR**<br>
Trade secret.<br>
Ah, here's my "ride". I'll take it to the pick\-up station on the border. That way, they won't be able to track me... I hope Mr. Sagar won't feel too bad about this.

*\[Horse Neighs\]*

**Sasha**<br>
Wah! What a fierce horse...

**ConneR**<br>
Don't worry. I'm an expert at dealing with them. The more ferocious the horse, the more I like it. Hyah!

**Sasha**<br>
Not bad! Haha, I've known you for so long and yet you still always manage to surprise me... You really are quite the guy!

**ConneR**<br>
……<br>
If you come with me, I can show you even more.

**Sasha**<br>
...... You being serious, R?

**ConneR**<br>
I'm sure you are aware. What we managed to uncover, it could very likely unleash a devastating nightmare upon mankind... The so\-called "justice" you acknowledge in your heart might just disappear from this world completely, in an instant.

**Sasha**<br>
……<br>
Is that why you're going to do something about it? I didn't take you to be that kind of person.

**ConneR**<br>
Don't misunderstand me. It's just that there are some things I value that I don't want to see blown into the abyss. In the sea of sand that is human civilization, one can occasionally find a few pearls... wouldn't you agree?

**Sasha**<br>
I do agree... It's just, too far.

**ConneR**<br>
Oh?

**Sasha**<br>
If I was a bit younger, perhaps I'd let go of everything and just jump on the back of a horse. But what you speak of, to the person I am now, it's just way too far away... That's not the world I want to gaze upon, and I also have no intention to try to put the fate of all mankind on my shoulders... It's too much.

**Sasha**<br>
Instead, I'm here. Only after returning to Node 13, which basically has nothing, did I finally get to see more of this world... things I thought would never exist in this s\*\*\*hole world.

**ConneR**<br>
......

**Sasha**<br>
R, when the nightmare that you speak of arrives, knowing what I already know, I'll try my best to do something for the people here... However, compared to accompanying you on your path, I feel like helping these people is more suitable for the person I am now.

**ConneR**<br>
I see... You aren't giving up on finding the justice and peace that exist in your fantasies. Rather, you're doing everything in your power to make it a reality, right here.

**Sasha**<br>
I'm sorry, I've changed a lot, haven't I.

**ConneR**<br>
Haha, relax.<br>
The person you are now is still very much to my liking.

*\[Horse Neighs\]*

**ConneR**<br>
Well then, Auf Wiedersehen… partner.

**Sasha**<br>
... We shall meet again someday. 

*[Signal Lost]*