# Cam_Port33_702_11_17
## Requirements
|Character|Level|
|---------|:---:|
|**Xenon**| 34  |

## Unlocked Charts
|  Song   |Character|Diff.|Level|
|---------|:-------:|:---:|:---:|
|**Karma**|  Xenon  |Easy |  3  |
|**Karma**|  Xenon  |Hard |  7  |
|**Karma**|  Xenon  |Chaos| 11  |

## Log Content
**Cherry**<br>
The transporter is almost here. Didn't think we would actually survive these seven days without a hitch.<br>
... R, thanks a lot.

**ConneR**<br>
I've only done this by myself before. Hunting for food for three people turned out to be a bit tougher than I thought. However, it made for a good experience.

**Xenon**<br>
... Thanks for the help. We ought to be on our way.

**ConneR**<br>
Don't let down your guard too soon. Did you young fellas not notice? Starting from two days ago... we've got company.

**Xenon**<br>
......?

**ConneR**<br>
Some other "rats" are also here...

*\[Things Crashing\]*

**Member A**<br>
HEY! Be careful!

**Cherry**<br>
......!?

**ConneR**<br>
Speak of the devil…

**Xenon**<br>
... Are they... "gravediggers"? What do we do? They seem like serious trouble. They all got guns too.

**Cherry**<br>
Let's go. It's none of our business.

**Xenon**<br>
What's in those crates...

**Cherry**<br>
Simon, the transporter is almost here. It's best that we don't get into a fight with them. Just pretend that we didn't see anything... Right? R?<br>
...... R?

*[→Signal Switches]*

**Member A**<br>
Be careful! This cargo is easily worth ten times more than your life ever will.

**Member B**<br>
I know, I know.

**ConneR**<br>
Greetings\~ Gentlemen. Enjoying the night?

**Member C**<br>
... Who's there!?

*\[Loads Gun\]*

**ConneR**<br>
Hoho\~! How scary. No need to be so nervous. I'm one of your peers. Just want to make some friends; nothing wrong with that, right? I'm quite interested in what you folks have in those crates. Are you down for a trade?

**Member A**<br>
Trade my a\*\*! DIE!!

*\[Gunshot\]*

**ConneR**<br>
... My oh my, such hostile people. I originally planned to offer a high price so we could all benefit from this. Well, guess I shouldn't expect rats to understand the beauty of human language...

*\[Gunshot\]*

**Member B**<br>
Shoot him up! Damnit! Why is there somebody else at this place?

**Member C**<br>
How would I know!?

*\[Gunshot\]*

**ConneR**<br>
... This numbers disadvantage is certainly a bit annoying.

*\[Lights off\]*

**Member**<br>
......!?

**Xenon**<br>
Now!

*\[Gunshot\]*

**Member**<br>
Argh!

**ConneR**<br>
......?

**Xenon**<br>
You can come out now. All of them have been dealt with.

**ConneR**<br>
(Whistles) So the drone killer can kill people too.

**Cherry**<br>
This is a pulse pistol. They merely fainted. Why did you act on your own all of a sudden!?

**ConneR**<br>
You fellas could've left after you got the map. I can handle these rats myself just fine. You're the one who turned off the lights, aren't you?

**Xenon**<br>
I didn't do it for your sake. It seems that they planned to transport the weapons in these crates to 08. Can't just ignore them.

**ConneR**<br>
Oh? Then what do you plan to do?

*\[Gunshot\]*

**Cherry**<br>
Destroy them all.

**ConneR**<br>
Awww... what a pity. There was some pretty good stuff in those crates. For example, this baby right here.

**Xenon**<br>
......! When did you take that? Put it down. Sherry will destroy it.

**ConneR**<br>
Sorry, but my response is no. I'd like to remind you that you still owe me a favor. Consider this gun a payment for everything I did for you.

**Xenon**<br>
......

**ConneR**<br>
Alright, it's about time I leave too. You two should get to 03 as soon as possible. Once my investigation produces some results, I will contact you two. Before that, feel free to do as you wish... as long as you don't get into trouble.

**Cherry**<br>
What trouble...?

**ConneR**<br>
*\*Chuckles\** Well, you fellas have "trouble" written all over your faces. Farewell, and take care.

*\[Footsteps\]*

**Xenon**<br>
... He left.

**Cherry**<br>
Hey... Simon, check out this news.

**Xenon**<br>
... "A few hours ago, there had been several eyewitness reports from Node 08 that reported abnormal flight patterns from drones. Just now, we've also been gradually receiving news regarding the drones' attacks on the cities."... Is this real? What is going on?

**Cherry**<br>
JOE! Quick, call him and ask him about this.

**Xenon**<br>
On it!

*[Signal Lost]*