# Cam057_AB_702_09_20
## Requirements
| Character  |Level|
|------------|:---:|
|**NEKO#ΦωΦ**| 35  |

## Unlocked Charts
|      Song      |Character|Diff.|Level|
|----------------|:-------:|:---:|:---:|
|**extinguisher**|NEKO#ΦωΦ |Easy |  3  |
|**extinguisher**|NEKO#ΦωΦ |Hard |  7  |

## Log Content
**Cherry**<br>
Do we wait here?

**Xenon**<br>
Yes. Why did you accompany me here anyway?

**Cherry**<br>
Hey, I took part in the Boss fight; make sense that I get to rescue the princess, right? I want to see NEKO in person as well.

**Xenon**<br>
... Princess? I say more pixie than princess.

**Cherry**<br>
You are so mean\~ She's a cute girl. isn't she?

**Xenon**<br>
Umm... She's... unique, to say the least. Be prepared when you see her.

**Cherry**<br>
All this talk is making me even more interested to see her!<br>
On a side note, that's a serious crowd down there at the main entrance.

**Xenon**<br>
Reporters and fans, I presume? They've gone nuts since NEKO's release was announced.

**Cherry**<br>
Good thing you had friends that could let us in through the back door. I thought we're gonna get stuck outside.

**Xenon**<br>
You're exaggerating things.

**Cherry**<br>
Didn't you say that the admins have been watching you closely?

**Xenon**<br>
I still have my connections over here. If not, I wouldn't know any of this in the first place.

**Cherry**<br>
Wow, so a shut\-in like you actually made "friends"...

**Xenon**<br>
You... it's all thanks to them that the evidence I provided could actually influence the investigation.

**Xenon**<br>
... Ah, we should stop chatting here.

*[»»»Fast Forward»»»]*

**Xenon**<br>
Hey. Over here.

**NEKO#ΦωΦ**<br>
Ehhh? Why are you the one to come and get me? Where are my dad and others?

**Xenon**<br>
I notify them to wait at home. There are still some procedures to go through. <br>
You probably have no idea why you are released, right?

**NEKO#ΦωΦ**<br>
Dude, I don't even know why I was arrested in the first place! It's utterly ridiculous!

**Xenon**<br>
So you don't remember...? That makes it even harder to explain things clearly.

**NEKO#ΦωΦ**<br>
...... Who's that behind you?

**Cherry**<br>
Hi\~

**NEKO#ΦωΦ**<br>
EHHH!? It's Cherry! OH MY F\*\*\*\*\* GOD!!!

**Cherry**<br>
Eh? You recognize me?

**NEKO#ΦωΦ**<br>
Of course! NEKO is a big fan of yours! Why are you here!?

**Xenon**<br>
She's half the reason why you could be released.

**NEKO#ΦωΦ**<br>
Huh? What does that mean? Hmm??

**Xenon**<br>
It's a long story... All in all, we should leave here before we get any attention. Let's go.

**NEKO#ΦωΦ**<br>
Come on\~ tell me what's going on\~

**Xenon**<br>
You are so noisy... I'll tell you once we leave here. There's a s\*\*\* ton of people at the main entrance ready to engulf you. Keep your head down.

*[Signal Lost]*
