# WTF!?
## Requirements
|  Character  |Level|
|-------------|:---:|
|**ROBO_Head**| 37  |

## Post
**JOEZ Cafe**<br>
JASUS christ\~<br>
What, do law and order not exist anymore?<br>
All I did was go to the kitchen to fix up some food<br>
only to find out upon return that the entire shop's on the verge of a full\-out brawl, WTF???

Also, what's all this bickering about cream Puffs and strawberry?<br>
My shop doesn't sell either of those, so if you guys want to fight, keep it outside!

Whatever, rather than whine about this online<br>
should probably notify the admins first...
## Replies
**foreheadless**<br>
Show us a photo\~ or even better, show us a recording! lul

**JOEZ Cafe**<br>
Dumba\*\*, they're fighting INSIDE the shop!<br>
Ofc I'm gonna stop them first!!!<br>
If it's outside, then I will definitely record it

**Whysosurprise**<br>
Strawberry lolololol\~\~\~ Wrong kind of fruit!<br>
Isn't she your friend LMFAO

**Fu7ureW0rld**<br>
Is it just me, or is this post itself inviting trouble XDDDD

**noneXenon**<br>
As owner of JOEZ Cafe<br>
I thought you were used to situations like this (?)

**JOEZ Cafe**<br>
Dude, I was utterly shell\-shocked ok<br>
Just saw a dude who's face was covered in blood<br>
I thought he poured an entire bottle of YAMAMETO over his head

**Poopytrap**<br>
Is it so god awful that you have too much left ROFL<br>
Feels like I'm surrounded by YAMAMETO these days

**Gearz_Igo**<br>
The brewmaster appears! He is very mad!

**ArupakaKUN**<br>
Beware the rage of the brewmaster\~

**JOEZ Cafe**<br>
Guys, I just saw the news of Cherry getting injured<br>
F\*\*\*! What the hell is wrong with you people!

**moonin**<br>
Is Cherry going to be ok QQ

**Xzavis**<br>
Wait, what? What happened????

