# So... does anyone knows what actually happened
## Post
**SuduMan**<br>
We've never seen a complete collapse like this before, right?<br>
Although it seems to be on the verge of breaking a lot these days<br>
I feel like this is not normal
## Replies
**in9odwetrust**<br>
Same here, waiting for answers

**Snor_eDen**<br>
I'm a random engineer who happens to pass by. I've been chasing the recent internet issues for some time now. I am certain that this is definitely not some accident by chance. Instead, someone is purposely manipulating the system

**CHanatsuka**<br>
Don't stop halfway through. It's making me anxious

**Snor_eDen**<br>
Does everyone still remember the performance hosted by ROBO\_Head a while ago? During that event, there were a lot of ghost connections eating up the data flow which completely ruined the live stream's quality. I've been investigating this stuff since that event. I discovered that a lot of the encrypted addresses share similar characteristics. Therefore, I can make a reasonable speculation that this is the act of one person or one organization.

**Snor_eDen**<br>
In addition, the recent garbled text and blank comments, the massive malfunction in the past few days, I also found that some of the interference came from the same encrypted address I mentioned above. I believe you guys understand where I'm going with this

**Kemcoter**<br>
Dude what you said was terrifying AF. So there really was a powerful mastermind behind all this?<br>
But, only some sort of super hacker is capable of doing such a thing, right??

**66TAN66**<br>
Engineer passing by, please save us!!

**Krypton**<br>
Wait, this is looking like a case where the admins need to interfere. **@Snor\_eDen** Should we report it

**Mick_Rorty**<br>
I personally feel that the admins don't have the ability to handle cybercrime... Our only hope is probably ARC

**Neon_raven**<br>
Mysterious Internet Hacker VS Passerby Super Engineer in Node 08 final battle in sky city!!<br>
PA, play the BGM!!

**Prime6750911**<br>
Dude, are you retarded this is not some old monster movie

**Wickedragon**<br>
Speaking of mysterious hacker... Isn't the culprit's identity very clear already?

**T3RA_wr47h**<br>
OMG are you a prophet! The news came out. Go watch it now

