# SOS!
## Requirements
|  Character  |Level|
|-------------|:---:|
|**ROBO_Head**| 63  |

## Post
**NnNn**<br>
I'm stuck in a mall now. Just now, there were drones attacking the doors. There were screams and chaos. Luckily, the courageous people who worked at the mall thought fast and managed to get the blast-proof doors up in time, which stopped the drones from getting in. But now we can't get out either. <br>
Looks like more and more drones are gathering outside. What should we do??
## Replies
**DuskDawn**<br>
Hide!!!! Wish you the best of luck!!

**Doubty**<br>
Stay where you are! Don't leave! The admins are probably dealing with it now.

**PoolsKitten**<br>
Sounds like your basically in a shelter now. <br>
Good thing you're at a mall, so you won't run out of food...

**NathaN**<br>
Best weapon at a mall is definitely the frying pan...

**EEEEEVA**<br>
Quick! Go and occupy the chocolate area! Will definitely will help you stay alive!!!~~

**Chevalier151**<br>
I wonder if there are any idiots who decided to occupy the frozen food areas????

**lrrllrrl**<br>
Take an insect spray and spray into the flames of a lighter. Voila~ your friendly neighborhood flamethrower. <br>
You can also do it was hairspray and stuff like that~

**SYY**<br>
Put a towel in a bottle of vodka and light the towel on fire. You need AOE damage to be effective again hordes!<br>
FIRE IN THE HOLE!!!!!

**NoLifeGamer**<br>
All I see are two idiots who played way too many zombie games...

**Varinaya**<br>
You're made of flesh. Those drones are metal machines. OP, don't do anything stupid you hear me!!!!

