# Hey...
## Post
**Joe**<br>
Never thought that after our last performance together<br>
I'd be reuniting with you under this kind of circumstance and atomosphere<br>
Guess the Crystal PuNK music festival we promised back then has now been postponed indefinitely<br>
The remaining three of us will get kicked out of the livehouse with our horrible singing<br>
Lots of people came today<br>
I know you'd like to quietly be by yourself<br>
Hope you don't find them noisy<br>
Your farewell is way too cool and way too rushed<br>
They are still tons of things they would like to tell to you...

I drastically changed my posting style just for you lol<br>
I'm not too bad, am I?

Farewell, big sis

Farewell
## Replies
**XXXenon**<br>
Owner, please accept my sympathies

**D33M0**<br>
My heartfelt condolences to the King of Germs QAQ <br>
Almost cried... It's the first time I've seen you write such heartfelt words.

**StuffyMouth**<br>
**\#RIPCherry**

**noneXenon**<br>
Owner, cheer up.<br>
The reconstruction of JOEZ still depends on you.

**MustangMartin**<br>
Hang in there, bro! We are all here.

**Ulxy_34RTH**<br>
We'll never be able to see Crystal Punk's comeback. T\_T

**KoraKora**<br>
Cherry, farewell!<br>
May you rest in peace.<br>
You will be missed.

**FreeFinder**<br>
My condolences go out to you, boss JOE

**JaneHikaru**<br>
After the Cafe is reopened, we'll come for a drink!!

**RyanRii**<br>
**\#RIPCherry**

**NnNn**<br>
I really want to see Cherry one last time as well.

**KamiCherry**<br>
JOE, bro, don't be too sad. We are here for you

**Uxi**<br>
Crystal Punk Forever<br>
**\#RIPCherry**

