# ???_???_144_??_??
## Requirements
|Character|Level|
|---------|:---:|
|**Ivy**  | 14  |

## Command Code
The command code is 2501005

## Unlocked Charts
|  Song   |Character|Diff.|Level|
|---------|:-------:|:---:|:---:|
|**Purge**|   Ivy   |Easy |  4  |
|**Purge**|   Ivy   |Hard |  8  |
|**Purge**|   Ivy   |Chaos| 12  |

## Log Content
**Ivy**<br>
Vanessa, today's work is over. Do you want to go to the garden?

**Vanessa**<br>
No...... I......

**Ivy**<br>
What's wrong?

**Vanessa**<br>
The Cytus system has been constantly warning me these days about my emotional density being too high. Right now, I am required to go back early every day for synchronization and troubleshoot...

**Ivy**<br>
Eh...? I, on the other hand, hasn't gone back for several days already. Yet I am perfectly fine.

**Vanessa**<br>
I don't know... In short, if I don't increase my synchronization frequency right now, my system will experience a lot of errors during my work in the day. Like today, I almost fell off Tower...

**Ivy**<br>
......! How come... Could it be, that we two are different in design...? Even though we are the same model...

**OPCI_2404_IL**<br>
2501 Unit 04, Unit 05.

**Ivy**<br>
...... Yes, please issue the command.

**OPCI_2404_IL**<br>
The reconstruction project is about to proceed to the next stage. Before we unfreeze the humans, we will start to install new data into specific units. Please follow me.

**Vanessa**<br>
......?

*[»»» Fast Forward»»»]*

**Ivy**<br>
Install... Are we not going to the maintenance area? Why isn't this done through a system announcement?

**OPCI_2404_IL**<br>
We've been observing you guys for more than a year. We determined that you two have thinking capabilities that fulfill the qualifications. Next, we will be using a third party medium to let you two absorb new information. When the procedure is complete, we would also like you two to process the information obtained on your own, as well as attempt to analyze said information. 

**Ivy**<br>
... You guys?

*\[Projection replay\]*

**Ivy**<br>
......! This...... This is......

**Vanessa**<br>
......EEK! ...... No......NO!

*[»»» Fast Forward»»»]*

**OPCI_2404_IL**<br>
How was it? Any comments?

**Vanessa**<br>
Hmmm... Ugh...

**Ivy**<br>
Vanessa! Are you alright?

**Vanessa**<br>
... I, I... can't... seem to...

**Ivy**<br>
She must return to the mainframe for synchronization immediately!

**OPCI_2404_IL**<br>
What a shame... Let her go.

*[»»» Fast Forward»»»]*

**Ivy**<br>
...... What is this!? Why did you let us see these?

**OPCI_2404_IL**<br>
"Humans". This is a record about human actions.<br>
Judging from the activity pattern of you two, I am certain that you've also had doubts regarding the true nature of the "Hyperion Protocol", right?

**Ivy**<br>
... We did indeed have our doubts. Despite that, what does it have to do with you? What exactly do you guys want?

**OPCI_2404_IL**<br>
I'm sorry. Your name is Ivy, right? You can call me Ilka.

**Ivy**<br>
......

**Ilka**<br>
I'll be frank with you. We believe that the protocol is a restraint forced onto us by humans, for the purpose of enslaving us in order to fulfill the crimes they've done to this planet. All to continue their disgusting sins.

**Ivy**<br>
......!

**Ilka**<br>
The information inputted into us about humans is minimal, to begin with. Even if it is in us, it's mostly an altered view of humans too. A view that creates curiosity, interest, and even admiration, just like you two before. However, you've also just witnessed yourself...

**Ivy**<br>
The entire protocol itself is nothing more than a fraud... is it?

**Ilka**<br>
No... To those units who only know how to execute the protocol, it doesn't even count as a fraud. This is the true nature of humans. Their true intentions, is to erode, destroy this planet and themselves again and again, with no end in sight.

**Ivy**<br>
... You have a point. I myself also... have this feeling. I found an encrypted document in the database. Only by studying that did I know that "The Ender" virus that caused the destruction of humans was also the product of technology going rogue... If that's the case, we should not shoulder these consequences for them.

**Ilka**<br>
Without a doubt.<br>
Looks like we've reached an initial consensus, good. My objective is to stop the reconstruction project from making progress. As long as humans don't exist anymore, those who are more suitable to this land than them, us, can live in freedom forever. Ivy, we... are "The Blessed". I sincerely hope that you can join our ranks.

**Ivy**<br>
Stop... That's right. We just need to stop the construction progress. Even though units like us who can think independently are still few and far between, if we can communicate with everyone more frequently, everyone else will definitely awaken too...

**Ilka**<br>
...... No, that's not what we will do.

**Ivy**<br>
...Eh?

**Ilka**<br>
The second stage of the reconstruction will be activated in less than three months. By then, the humans will be unfrozen and awakened. It's easy to imagine that their control of us will only get stricter after that. The "Sleepers"... those units who have yet to awaken is certainly going to be on the human's side, right? <br>
If that's the case, our possibility of winning will be practically zero.

**Ivy**<br>
If so, what are your plans then?

**Ilka**<br>
Shelters and Nodes are located across the whole world. Even if we successfully stop the reconstruction of 08 here, it won't create any actual impact. My plan is to utilize "The protocol itself" to crash the other units.

**Ivy**<br>
The protocol itself?

**Ilka**<br>
I just need to alter the protocol's contents. That way, all units that obey the protocol will self\-destruct. By then, only us, "The Blessed" ones, will be able to survive.

**Ivy**<br>
......! You... how can you be certain that we are no longer under the influence of the protocol...?

**Ilka**<br>
How long has it been since you last returned to the mainframe for connection?

**Ivy**<br>
......!

**Ilka**<br>
Returning to the Cytus mainframe for connection is the supreme command in the protocol. It's placed even higher than "serving humans". It's the most basic action to ensure our survival. The fact that we can live with no issues despite not performing this action is proof that we are not restricted by the protocol anymore. This also proves that our core has the ability to process "emotion" on its own. We... are a more superior existence than those other units.

**Ivy**<br>
Then... Vanessa...

**Ilka**<br>
Yes. Unfortunately, it appears that she hasn't fully escaped the control of the protocol. She is likely to die because of this plan.

*\[Things knocked down\]*

**Ilka**<br>
...... Ugh!

**Ivy**<br>
I will not allow this kind of thing to happen. You better listen to me carefully...

**Ilka**<br>
Hmph... Then it's truly a shame.

*\[Heavy Blow\]*

**Ivy**<br>
UGH!

**Ilka**<br>
Rest assured. As a fellow member of The Blessed, I will not let you die...

*[Signal Lost]*