# Audio_???_699_12_31
## Requirements
|Character|Level|
|---------|:---:|
|**Ivy**  |  8  |

## Log Content
**Sagar**<br>
Big B, you done setting it up?

**Alex**<br>
Are sure this can blow it open? Thing looks tiny.

**Bruno**<br>
Not "blow"; more like "shake".<br>
Almost ready. Don't underestimate this baby right here. Its power output is no joke. Rocks are no different from paper mache to it.

**Sagar**<br>
Lucy, once the entrance is opened, lock down this area. Stay alerted about our surroundings.

**Lucy**<br>
Understood. Right now, according to the scope scan, no movement detected in a one\-kilometer radius.

**Alex**<br>
Speaking of which, hasn't this Shelter been discovered for a very long time? Why did they wait until now to finally ask us to investigate?

**Sagar**<br>
The terrain in this area is too rugged. No other team has the balls to come here. In the end, the higher\-ups had no other choice but to send us here to basically trailblaze. Were you asleep during the mission briefing reports?

**Alex**<br>
Yep. What's the difference? It's not like I didn't see this scenario coming from miles away.

**Sagar**<br>
If possible, we will set up the temporary base first. We'll probably clean up the terrain as well. This way, it will be more convenient for us when we cooperate with other teams in the future.

**Alex**<br>
Laaammmeee... Compare to boring tasks like these, I would much rather do things like hunting down poachers. Ya know, like the folks who set the trap that caught this little guy. We could've definitely tracked them down.

**Sagar**<br>
That is not the main purpose of this mission.

**Alex**<br>
I know, I know. Nevertheless, I still hope that we can get a job that's about capturing those damn poachers next time.<br>
I'll let them get a good taste of my fists. They're getting rusty from all this dumb busy work...... Oops, no offense, Miss Freeze.

**Lucy**<br>
...... Shut up. Don't touch me.

**Bruno**<br>
Jackal, stop screwing around. Come and help me out... Captain, I'm all done here. Ready to activate any moment at your command.

**Sagar**<br>
Alright. Activate shockwave shaker!

**Bruno**<br>
Activate!

*\[Rocks collapse\]*

**Lucy**<br>
Report. Obstacle removal successful.

**Sagar**<br>
Good. Listen up, team! Prepare yourself; we're entering the ruins. The armored vehicles will be set aside for now since they don't fit in here. From here on out, we'll be exploring on foot; assume formation 2!

**Team member**<br>
Roger!

**Sagar**<br>
Jackal, you lead the way.

**Alex**<br>
Yes, sir~ Bambi's looking more and more like a captain by the day~

**Sagar**<br>
And I wonder who's fault is that for dumping all this work on me?

**Ivy**<br>
... This is the chance.

*[»»» Fast Forward »»»]*

*\[Animal Chirp\]*

**Ivy**<br>
Don't be scared... I'll let you out right now.

**Ivy**<br>
Eh? This is...... bandaging? The broken bones are set back in place. A very well\-done treatment...

*\[Animal Chirp\]*

**Ivy**<br>
They... didn't capture you. Instead, they saved you... is it...?<br>
...... All in all, need to figure out a way to open this cage first...

**Bruno**<br>
WHO'S THERE!?

**Ivy**<br>
......!

**Bruno**<br>
Everyone! We got a problem!

**Alex**<br>
You're not escaping!...... Holy crap! This guy is fast...

**Lucy**<br>
Hmph!

*\[Gunshot\]*

**Ivy**<br>
......Ugh!

**Lucy**<br>
Got it.

**Bruno**<br>
Lucy! Above you!!

*\[Rocks collapse\]*

**Sagar**<br>
Big B!

**Bruno**<br>
Cough cough...

**Lucy**<br>
Big B is injured!

*\[Hurried Footsteps\]*

**Alex**<br>
Hey, it's getting away! 

**Sagar**<br>
Stay put! It has already been shot. No need to rush. Organize the team first. Did anyone get a clear view of what that thing is? Big B?

**Bruno**<br>
Apologizes, it was too sudden, so I couldn't get a good look... Ugh!

**Lucy**<br>
Don't move. Your clavicle is shattered.<br>
Captain, his injury requires a trip back to the base for full treatment...

**Sagar**<br>
I guess that leaves us with no other options... Suspend mission! Stay alert throughout the journey. We will gather up and return to A.R.C.

**Alex**<br>
Tch... I couldn't keep up with it... F\*\*\*, what the hell is that thing?

*[Signal Lost]*
