# Audio_???_702_12_05
## Requirements
|Character|Level|
|---------|:---:|
|**Ivy**  | 44  |

## Log Content
**Ivy**<br>
It's me.

**???**<br>
AH!?

**Ivy**<br>
... Is now not a good time?

**???**<br>
No... it's nothing. Most of the time I'm here all by myself. I'm just not used to being called into this space all of a sudden.

**Ivy**<br>
I think I've found a crack.

**???**<br>
Really!?

**Ivy**<br>
But I need your help. If we succeed, perhaps we can create a port that won't affect A.R.C.'s facilities. Then I'll be able to come in and out freely. Not only will we be able to fulfill the second condition and temporarily put a stop to the chaos out there, but it'll also give us some space to think about our next move.

**???**<br>
O\-Okay! As long as I can help, I'll do my best!

**Ivy**<br>
5 hours and 12 minutes from now, I need you to lure away the 3 humans on duty at Library's security room for approximately 30 minutes.

**???**<br>
... Eh?

**Ivy**<br>
Can't do it? It's not like I couldn't do it myself, but my method requires a lot of time. And time is what we need the most right now.

**???**<br>
I...

**Ivy**<br>
Please. Will your identity raise any suspicions in that area?

**???**<br>
Not exactly... Actually, our job actually requires us to go in there quite often.

**Ivy**<br>
Then it shouldn't be an issue. You can do it, right?

**???**<br>
I\-I'm not sure... Ever since I got here, I've rarely left this room; even with a uniform and an ID, there's no guarantee that they'll listen to the words of a mere data analyst.

**Ivy**<br>
I didn't tell you to order them to go away. I said lure them away. You can use whatever method you see fit.

**???**<br>
D... does that mean you want me to lie?

**Ivy**<br>
It's all up to you. Do whatever you need.

**???**<br>
But lying... I...

**Ivy**<br>
I know you're not good at it. I've figured that out just from the few conversations we had.

**???**<br>
S\-Sorry.

**Ivy**<br>
But didn't you say you had someone you want to protect? If you back down now, wouldn't that mean that was a lie too?

**???**<br>
.....!

**Ivy**<br>
Now is not the time to double\-down on your cowardice. If you want to protect people, sometimes you must give up many things... Far too many.

**???**<br>
... I... I understand! Please let me do it!

**Ivy**<br>
Great. I'll contact you again after 5 hours. Once we sync up our clocks, we'll get ready for action. Good\-bye.

**???**<br>
Ah, please, wait a second!

**Ivy**<br>
What is it?

**???**<br>
When I was copying information from Library... I noticed something strange.

**Ivy**<br>
Something strange?

**???**<br>
That's right. The information on the security mechanisms you received wasn't complete. I noticed that there was a completely blank block in the mainframe. It seemed like nothing on the surface, but I couldn't access it.

**Ivy**<br>
……

**???**<br>
Sorry! I didn't notify you immediately, but I don't have a way to actively contact you. That's why...

**Ivy**<br>
Where's that block?

**???**<br>
From the coordinates, it looks like it is an underground facility directly below this structure.

**Ivy**<br>
Underground facility...?

**???**<br>
That's right. But what I find really strange is... the structure design blueprints for A.R.C. were included in the information I gave you, but that block wasn't in the design.

**Ivy**<br>
... Is that so?

**???**<br>
Sorry...

**Ivy**<br>
No, you've provided quite useful information. I'm actually in the city, so I can pay a visit and investigate it directly. Send me the coordinates using the same method.

**???**<br>
Got it!

**Ivy**<br>
Any more important info you need to report?

**???**<br>
Let me think... oh, one more thing! Underground... I accidentally heard this from upper management. They seem to be transporting something "down below"... Although "down below" generally means somewhere other than here, by the way they were talking, it felt like...

**Ivy**<br>
You think these two things are connected?

**???**<br>
I'm not sure. But when they discovered that I was passing by, their expressions immediately became really awkward and they quickly stopped talking about that. If there's some sort of secret...

**Ivy**<br>
... Go on.

**???**<br>
During the conversation, they mentioned:  "Truck No.4 that set out from 84th street", "a new unit", "if this is found out it'll be trouble"... stuff like that. That's all I was able to hear...

**Ivy**<br>
……<br>
Understood. I'll check all of that out. Let's stick to our original plan as well. Stopping Vanessa's connection to the outside world is our primary goal. Got it?

**???**<br>
That, that...

**Ivy**<br>
Anything else?

**???**<br>
No... be careful. Hope everything goes smoothly.

**Ivy**<br>
... You too.

*[Signal Lost]*