# Audio_???_702_12_02
## Requirements
|Character|Level|
|---------|:---:|
|**Ivy**  | 43  |

## Log Content
**Ivy**<br>
... It's me.

**???**<br>
......!

**Ivy**<br>
We don't have much time. I need an answer.

**???**<br>
......

**Ivy**<br>
I know you're there. Your signal is online. I can tell it's not because of your position on the matter that you're not speaking. Your expression... it expresses some kind of "emotion"——fear.

**???**<br>
……

**Ivy**<br>
Am I correct? If so, don't worry. For the time being, take what I said previously as the truth. Think about how much risk I am taking to establish this connection.

**???**<br>
... I...

**Ivy**<br>
Oh? You finally spoke? I was beginning to wonder if there is something wrong with you.

**???**<br>
... I\-I'm willing... I'm willing to help you. Please tell me what I can help you with...

**Ivy**<br>
Before that, I want to collect more information about you first. Who are you? Why are you here?

**???**<br>
... I\-I don't think... I... can reveal too much about that...

**Ivy**<br>
Is that so? Then the conversation ends here.

**???**<br>
Wait, please wait a second!

**Ivy**<br>
I've mentioned before. I'm taking on a major risk to establish this link and ask for help. Before I can confirm your identity and position, we can't move forward with our dealings. This could be a trap.

**???**<br>
No... it's not! I really can't reveal too much information, but... when I heard that you don't want any more people to be hurt, I feel exactly the same!

**Ivy**<br>
And how am I supposed to confirm whether you are telling the truth or not?

**???**<br>
I... don't know either... I just don't know what to do...*\*sob\**...

**Ivy**<br>
……

**???**<br>
But I do have someone I want to protect too. I've always been the one who's been protected. Many people suffered greatly because of me. I don't... I don't want it to continue on like this! Please, you've got to believe me!

**Ivy**<br>
... Please understand, under these conditions, my identity has already been completely exposed. Yet I know nothing about you. You can't blame me for not believing you.

**???**<br>
... *\*sob\**...

**Ivy**<br>
But I do believe you.

**???**<br>
… Eh?

**Ivy**<br>
Yes, I believe you. I'm very familiar... with your expression.

**???**<br>
Expression...

**Ivy**<br>
No, it's nothing. In any case, I've already made my decision. Now, it's your turn.

**???**<br>
My turn... Is there something I can do? Please tell me.

**Ivy**<br>
Since both parties have agreed to cooperate, I think that a minimal amount of information exchange is still necessary. I won't force you to tell me things that you can't say, but I've already provided you with information on the situation that I'm aware of. You must at least provide me with some info that can help with the situation. Otherwise, we can't move forward. You good with that?

**???**<br>
O\-okay! I'm a data analyst for A.R.C., mainly responsible for analyzing the artifacts and data about ancient civilizations brought back by the exploration teams. Besides me, there are approximately 10 other employees with the same position. In A.R.C.'s database security clearance grading system, we're a level 3. I can try to gain access to a small amount of information.

**Ivy**<br>
Hmph... a small amount? From now on, I'll completely rule out the possibility that you're lying. If I begin with that... then it appears you aren't aware of your own capabilities, aren't you?

**???**<br>
My... capabilities?

**Ivy**<br>
Forget it. Anyway, if we're going to stop Vanessa's current state, we're going to have to do a few things. First, we need to gain the permission to access Library without being discovered. My current method is just way too risky. On top of that, there are time constraints.

**Ivy**<br>
Second, we need to terminate the connection between Vanessa's body and the outside world——Take note though, only her body. If any errors occur to the other connections, it will be in conflict with the first point.

**???**<br>
That...

**Ivy**<br>
Third, tell me more about Library's internal security mechanisms. That way, I have a chance to figure out more ways to rescue her and prevent further damage, not just simply stop the chaos that's occurring right now.<br>
Are you up for the job?

**???**<br>
... The first and the third shouldl be relatively easy. I should be able to do those without leaving a trace. But...

**Ivy**<br>
But?

**???**<br>
As for the second, to independently cut off a device inside Library is extremely difficult. At the very least, it is not possible with my clearance level. The connection of devices within Library is extremely complicated. It's very unlikely we can alter one small section of the entire mechanism.

**Ivy**<br>
So a slight change affects the whole system...?

**???**<br>
That's right. Especially the Core... Vanessa. In order to extract more information and run more calculations with her, A.R.C. has her synchronized with all devices and areas basically 24/7. So much so that I can't even tell you which time periods the synchronization is less frequent...

**Ivy**<br>
……

**???**<br>
If you're to cut off Vanessa's connection with the outside world, that'll definitely affect 2 or more areas at minimum. If such an action is executed with too much force, a large\-scale incident would occur, like the virtual internet crash a while ago.

**Ivy**<br>
... You bring up a good point. That incident was careless oversight on my part that occurred because I was in a rush to get results. I should have been more meticulous. However, I'm trusting you more and more.

**???**<br>
T\-thank you...

**Ivy**<br>
Don't thank me just yet. First, send me the information I mentioned in points 1 and 3. Once you've done that... perhaps I can find something we can use.

**???**<br>
Send...? I've never seen this connection method you're using now. What exactly is this space...?

**Ivy**<br>
As expected, you know nothing about it. Doesn't matter, your room has a processor and terminal, right? All you need to do is create a encrypted block and save the data there. As long as you do that, I'll be able to retrieve it.

**???**<br>
Eh...? That's...

**Ivy**<br>
Don't worry about security issues. After you've created the block, I'll upgrade your clearance level directly, with a method that they'll never think of. Wait until I'm finished before inputting the data.

**???**<br>
O... Okay! I'll give it a try!

*[Signal Lost]*